Let's take a quick overview of the prerequisites of this course, you can use any operating system and
successfully complete this course.
I've recorded separate INDEF instructions for setting up your environment with both Mac OS and Windows
Alvo.
Linux instructions are not recorded 95 percent of the time things work the same as on Mac as both systems
share a common ancestor, Unix.
To complete the course, you will need certain software installed on your computer.
It is absolutely essential to have BHB MySQL database and Noge as installed and some kind of code Edita.
Don't worry, though, you will be guided step by step on how to get up and running to get the basic
software, you might use some of the pre-existing packages like Zamp or Mump.
This are recommended for beginners.
You can also use doctor or vagrant.
Tools available for all systems or Laravel valid, which is only for Mark.
The course covers installing and setting up of some.
You will install the Apache Web server, MySQL database, be set up, be to run scripts on the command
line and install composer to manage dependencies.
Finally, you will set up a custom local domain for the project, though that's optional.
For writing the code, I recommend Visual Studio Code, it's very powerful, works on all operating
systems.
It has a rich set of extensions and is extremely popular.
If you plan to code along, please use visual studio code.
I can't stress enough how important that is.
There is a separate lecture on suggested extension's themes and fonts to make your environment as close
to mine as possible.
There are other options, though, like baby storm, this is a powerful fully-fledged ID, though it
is a paid option.
Whether you plan to code along or just watch.
You need to know the full source code for the course is available on GitHub and as a download more on
how to get and use the source code in a separate lecture.
I also need to mention that to learn comfortably in this course, it will be really good if you had
any previous experience with HP databases, HDMI, and you understand how the Web works, trying to
learn are back in framework without any previous programming, knowledge would be pretty hard.
Finally, it's possible you might be having issues either with the set up process or later, I've tried
hard to make sure the instructions are as clear as possible, but still, everyone has their own experience
and knowledge level.
If you feel stuck, please ask a question in the Q&A section under a lecture you are having an issue
with.
Please also join our Dischord community where you can ask questions and get help from other students
to.